Automatic Import: CEL Input (#6492)
elastic/security-docs: docs/getting-started/automatic-import.asciidoc

6. Define your integration's package name, which will prefix the imported event fields. 
7. Define your **Data stream title**, **Data stream description**, and **Data stream name**. These fields appear on the integration's configuration page to help identify the data stream it writes to.
8. Select your {filebeat-ref}/configuration-filebeat-options.html[**Data collection method**]. This determines how your new integration will ingest the data (for example, from an S3 bucket, an HTTP endpoint, or a file stream).
+
.Importing CEL data 
[NOTE]
====

> If you select *API (CEL input)*, you'll have the additional option to upload the API's OAS file here. After you do, the LLM will use it to determine which API endpoints (GET only), query parameters, and data structures to use in the new custom integration. You will then select which API endpoints to consume, and your authentication method, before uploading your sample data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you select *API (CEL input)*, you'll have the additional option to upload the API's OAS file here. After you do, the LLM will use it to determine which API endpoints (GET only), query parameters, and data structures to use in the new custom integration. You will then select which API endpoints to consume and your authentication method before uploading your sample data.
```

+
12. (Optional) After reviewing the proposed pipeline, you can fine-tune it by clicking **Edit pipeline**. Refer to the <<siem-field-reference,{elastic-sec} ECS reference>> to learn more about formatting field mappings. When you're satisfied with your changes, click **Save**. 
+
[NOTE]
.How to edit a CEL program
====

> If your new integration collects data from an API, you can update the CEL input configuration  (program and API authentication information) from the new integration's integration policy.

Reviewer 2: Sorry, left an extra space

```suggestion
If your new integration collects data from an API, you can update the CEL input configuration (program and API authentication information) from the new integration's integration policy.
```

> If your new integration collects CEL data, you must install it before you can edit its CEL program. After installation, you can update the CEL program and API authentication information from the new integration's integration policy.

Reviewer 2: CEL is the method by which we collect data from an API, not a type of data we collect. 

And they can edit things before installing or after. The editing occurs on the integration policy add/edit page. 

```suggestion
If your new integration collects data from an API, you can update the CEL input configuration  (program and API authentication information) from the new integration's integration policy.
```

+
14. Click **Add to an agent** to deploy your new integration and start collecting data, or click **View integration** to view detailed information about your new integration. 

> NOTE: Once you've added an integration, you can't edit any details other than the ingest pipeline, which you can edit by going to **Stack Management → Ingest Pipelines**. 

Reviewer 2: I think it would be beneficial if we keep the instructions on how to edit the ingest pipeline. Maybe just something as simple as 

```
Once you've added an integration, you can edit the ingest pipeline by going to **Project Settings → Stack Management → Ingest Pipelines**.
```

+
14. Click **Add to an agent** to deploy your new integration and start collecting data, or click **View integration** to view detailed information about your new integration. 

> TIP: Once you've added an integration, you can edit the ingest pipeline by going to **Project Settings → Stack Management → Ingest Pipelines**.

Reviewer: I think this can function as an optional step or as a tip. If you keep it as a tip, you might want to combine it with the one that's directly following it, so users don't have to read two separate tips.
